README.md, before:

# B.Tech ECE Notes

<p align="center">
  <img src="/assets/thumbnail.png" alt="SRMIST B. Tech ECE Notes" width="60%" height="auto" />
</p>

Collection of all B.Tech ECE Notes for the academic year 2022-24. Read below for further insight on subjects for Each Semester.

![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/kunalkeshan/SRMIST-B.Tech-ECE-Notes-2022-24?style=social)
![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/kunalkeshan/SRMIST-B.Tech-ECE-Notes-2022-24?style=social)
![GitHub watchers](https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/kunalkeshan/SRMIST-B.Tech-ECE-Notes-2022-24?style=social)

---

<p align="center"><a href="https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/191lQV0by-ZBqPv0gQHhT8F9vKCgQuq2X?usp=sharing"><img src="/assets/drive-card.jpg" alt="Download notes from Drive" width="300px" height="80px" /></a></p>
<p align="center">Large Documents are present in the above drive as GitHub only offers 25mb max per document.</p>

---

<p align="center"><a href="https://notes.kunalkeshan.dev?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=social"><img src="/assets/website-card.jpg" alt="Download notes from Drive" width="300px" height="80px" /></a></p>
<p align="center">Contains direct access links for each sememester and subject.</p>

---

**Table of Contents**:

> Refer [Curriculum](./curriculum-syllabus-ece-reg-2018.pdf) for detailed information.

- [Motivation](#-motivation)
- [Directory Downloads](#-directory-downloads)
- [Semester 1](#-semester-1)
- [Semester 2](#-semester-2)
- [Semester 3](#-semester-3)
- [Semester 4](#-semester-4)
- [Semester 5](#-semester-5)
- [Semester 6](#-semester-6)
- [Semester 7](#-semester-7)
- [Semester 8](#-semester-8)
- [Contribute](#-contribute)
  - [Project Contributors](#-project-contributors)
- [Feedback](#-feedback)
- [License](#-license)
  - [Forking this Repo?](#-forking-this-repo)
- [Project Partners](#-project-partners)
- [Mentions](#-mentions)

> **Warning**
> Semester 1 - 3 notes are based on **online classes**. Study material might be relevant but not the test notes. Take it with a grain of salt.

## 💫 Motivation

Before I switched to on-campus courses, I took all of my classes online and hardly interacted with any upperclassmen. Without assistance, it was difficult for me to locate relevant readings and organise my time effectively in order to succeed on my tests. Even if we moved our lessons to a more traditional format, we still wouldn't be able to get any understanding of how to make use of the materials we were given.

You'll hardly have any contact with your seniors until you're part of some club, working together on some project or a research paper. I've made this repo to support any person who requires the relavent study material present here.

> <q> This repo is my step towards being the senior I needed the most as a Junior. </q>

## ⬇️ Directory Downloads

This repo is quite heavy in itself and cloning it or downloading it as a whole would take a lot of time and use of precious data. You can use [DownGit](https://downgit.github.io/) to help download specific folders from this repository. 

Use the links below to download specific semester folders or visit [DownGit](https://downgit.github.io/) with the directory link of the repo to download.

**Download Links**:

- Semester 1: [Click to Download](https://downgit.github.io/#/home?url=https://github.com/kunalkeshan/SRMIST-B.Tech-ECE-Notes-2022-24/tree/main/Semester%201).
- Semester 2: [Click to Download](https://downgit.github.io/#/home?url=https://github.com/kunalkeshan/SRMIST-B.Tech-ECE-Notes-2022-24/tree/main/Semester%202).
- Semester 3: [Click to Download](https://downgit.github.io/#/home?url=https://github.com/kunalkeshan/SRMIST-B.Tech-ECE-Notes-2022-24/tree/main/Semester%203).
- Semester 4: [Click to Download](https://downgit.github.io/#/home?url=https://github.com/kunalkeshan/SRMIST-B.Tech-ECE-Notes-2022-24/tree/main/Semester%204).
- Semester 5: [Click to Download](https://downgit.github.io/#/home?url=https://github.com/kunalkeshan/SRMIST-B.Tech-ECE-Notes-2022-24/tree/main/Semester%205).
- Semester 6: [Click to Download](https://downgit.github.io/#/home?url=https://github.com/kunalkeshan/SRMIST-B.Tech-ECE-Notes-2022-24/tree/main/Semester%206).
- Semester 7: [Click to Download](https://downgit.github.io/#/home?url=https://github.com/kunalkeshan/SRMIST-B.Tech-ECE-Notes-2022-24/tree/main/Semester%207).
- Semester 8: Coming Soon!

## 1️⃣ Semester 1

| Credits: 20 |
| ------- |

-   [Programming for Problem Solving](./Semester%201/Programming%20for%20Problem%20Solving%20(C))
-   [Chemistry](./Semester%201/Chemistry)
-   [Civil and Mechanical Workshop](./Semester%201/Civil%20and%20Mechanical%20Workshop)
-   Foreign Language
    - [Japanese](./Semester%201/Japanese)
-   [Calculus and Linear Algebra](./Semester%201/Calculus%20and%20Linear%20Algebra)
-   [Professional Skills and Studies](./Semester%201/Professional%20Skills%20and%20Studies/Assignments)
-   [Value Education](./Semester%201/Value%20Education)
-   National Service Schema (NSS)

## 2️⃣ Semester 2

| Credits: 21 |
| ------- |

-   [Advanced Calculus and Complex Analysis](./Semester%202/Advanced%20Calculus%20and%20Complex%20Analysis)
-   [Basic Electrical and Electronics Engineering](./Semester%202/Basic%20Electrical%20and%20Electronics%20Engineering)
-   [Engineering Graphics](./Semester%202/Engineering%20Graphics)
-   [Constitution of India](./Semester%202/Constitution%20of%20India)
-   [English](./Semester%202/English)
-   [General Aptitude](./Semester%202/General%20Aptitude)
-   [Physics](./Semester%202/Physics%20-%20Electromagnetic%20Theory%2C%20Quantum%20Mechanics%2C%20Waves%20and%20Optics)
-   Yoga

## 3️⃣ Semester 3

| Credits: 24 |
| ------- |

-   [Digital Electronic Principles](./Semester%203/Digital%20Electronic%20Principles)
-   [Competencies in Social Skills](./Semester%203/Competencies%20in%20Social%20Skills/Notes)
-   [Control Systems](./Semester%203/Control%20Systems)
-   [Electromagnetic and Transmission Lines](./Semester%203/Electromagnetics%20and%20Transmission%20Lines)
-   [Electronic Devices](./Semester%203/Electronic%20Devices)
-   [Environmental Science](./Semester%203/Environmental%20Science)
-   [Signals and Systems](./Semester%203/Signals%20and%20Systems)
-   [Social Engineering](./Semester%203/Social%20Engineering)
-   [Transforms and Boundary Value Problems](.Semester%203/Transforms%20and%20Boundary%20Value%20Problems)

## 4️⃣ Semester 4

| Credits: 22 |
| ------- |

- [Probability and Stochastic Process](./Semester%204/Probability%20and%20Stochastic%20Processes)
- [Analog Electronic Circuits](./Semester%204/Analog%20Electronic%20Circuits)
- [Linear Integrated Circuits](./Semester%204/Linear%20Integrated%20Circuits)
- [Critical and Creative Thinking](./Semester%204/Critical%20and%20Creative%20Thinking%20Skills/Notes)
- [Management Principles](./Semester%204/Management%20Principles%20for%20Engineers)
- [Biology for Engineers](./Semester%204/Biology)
- [Smart Sensor System](./Semester%204/Smart%20Sensor%20System)
- Professional Electives
  - [Optoelectronics](./Semester%204/Optoelectronics)
  - [Advanced Digital System Design](./Semester%204/Advanced%20Digital%20System%20Design)
- Open Electives
  - [Applications of Nanotechnology](./Semester%204/Applications%20of%20Nanotechnology)

## 5️⃣ Semester 5

| Credits: 23 |
| ------- |

- [Discrete Mathematics for Engineers](./Semester%205/Discrete%20Mathematics%20for%20Engineers)
- [Analog and Digital Communication](./Semester%205/Analog%20and%20Digital%20Communication)
- [Digital Signal Processing](./Semester%205/Digital%20Signal%20Processing)
- [Microprocessor, Microcontroller, and Interfacing Techniques](./Semester%205/Microprocessor%2C%20Microcontrollers%20and%20Interfacing%20Techniques)
- [Indian Art Form](./Semester%205/Indian%20Art%20Form/Assignments)
- [Analytical and Logical Thinking Skills](./Semester%205/Analytical%20and%20Logical%20Thinking%20Skills)
- [MOOCs / Industrial Training / Seminar - I](./Semester%205/MOOCs)
- Professional Electives
  - [Python and Scientific Python](./Semester%205/Python%20and%20Scientific%20Python)
- Open Electives
  - [Sustainable Development](./Semester%205/Sustainable%20Development)
  - [IoS Development](#)
  - [Municipal Solid Waste Management](./Semester%205/Municipal%20Solid%20Waste%20Management)

## 6️⃣ Semester 6

| Credits: 24 |
| ------- |

- [VLSI Design](./Semester%206/VLSI%20Design)
- [Comprehension](./Semester%206/Comprehension)
- [Microwave and Optical Communication](./Semester%206/Microwave%20and%20Optical%20Communication)
- [Computer Communication Network](./Semester%206/Computer%20communication%20network)
- [Indian Traditional Knowledge](.//Semester%206/Indian%20Traditional%20Knowledge)
- [Employability Skills and Practice](./Semester%206/Employability%20Skills%20and%20Practices/)
- [Competitive Professional Skills](./Semester%206/Competitive%20Professional%20Skills)
- [MOOCs / Industrial Training / Seminar - II](./Semester%206/MOOCs)
- Professional Electives
  - [Satellite Communication and Broadcasting](./Semester%206/Satellite%20Communication%20and%20Broadcasting)
  - [Radar and Navigational Aids](./Semester%206/Radar%20and%20Navigational%20Aids)
- Open Electives
  - [Municipal Solid Waste Management](./Semester%206/Municipal%20Solid%20Waste%20Management)

## 7️⃣ Semester 7

| Credits: 16 |
| ------- |

- [Wireless Communication](./Semester%207/Wireless%20Communication)
- [Internship](./Semester%207/Internship)
- Professional Electives
  - [Machine Perception with Cognition](./Semester%207/Machine%20Perception%20with%20Cognition)
  - [Optical Components, Systems, and Networks](./Semester%207/Optical%20Components,%20Systems,%20and%20Networks)
- Open Electives
  - [Mobile Application Development](./Semester%207/Mobile%20Application%20Development)

## 8️⃣ Semester 8

| Credits: 10 |
| ------- |

## 📥 Contribute

Anybody is free to contribute to this repo. If you think that some material is relevant and can improve the quality of this repo, follow the contributing guidelines mentioned at [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

If you're not sure how to contribute via GitHub, fill out this form with your remarks and I'll assist you with adding them to this project.

📃 Link to Form: [https://forms.gle/6cREyxxw6mQqh5jp7](https://forms.gle/6cREyxxw6mQqh5jp7)

### 🦸 Project Contributors:

<a href="https://github.com/kunalkeshan/SRMIST-B.Tech-ECE-Notes-2022-24/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=kunalkeshan/SRMIST-B.Tech-ECE-Notes-2022-24" />
</a>

## 💬 Feedback

This is a constantly evolving project that relies on the constant feedback of its users so that we can achieve what the users desire and maintain the project's quality. Please feel free to share your thoughts on this project by filling the <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfNQDOQkEKPubOBRIhselYTjCv82qv7qTyPh6exFvkT3sumhw/viewform?entry.34189569=Notes+Initiative">Form.</a>

## 📃 License

This Project is Licensed under the [MIT License](./LICENSE).

### 🗡️ Forking this Repo?

Many people have contacted us asking if they can use this code for their own websites. The answer to that question is usually "yes", with attribution. There are some cases, such as using this code for a business or something that is greater than a personal project, that we may be less comfortable saying yes to. If in doubt, please don't hesitate to ask us.

We value keeping this project open source, but as you all know, plagiarism is bad. We actively spend a non-negligible amount of effort developing, designing, and trying to perfect this iteration of our project, and we are proud of it! All we ask is to not claim this effort as your own.

So, feel free to fork this repo. If you do, please just give us proper credit by linking back to this repo, [https://github.com/kunalkeshan/SRMIST-B.Tech-ECE-Notes-2022-24](https://github.com/kunalkeshan/SRMIST-B.Tech-ECE-Notes-2022-24). Refer to this handy [quora](https://www.quora.com/Is-it-bad-to-copy-other-peoples-code) post if you're not sure what to do. Thanks!

## ⚔️ Project Partners

<table>
    <tr>
        <th><a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/codelance-devs/" >Codelance Devs</a></th>
        <th><a href="https://www.think-digital.in/?utm_medium=social&utm_source=github.com&utm_campaign=notes.kunalkeshan.dev">Think-Digital</a></th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><img src="../client/src/assets/codelance-devs-logo.png" alt="" width="200px" height="auto" /></td>
        <td><img src="../client/src/assets/think-digital-logo.png" alt="" width="200px" height="auto" /></td>
    </tr>
</table>

---

## 🫂 Mentions

Part of this README and CONTRIBUTING was inspired from [https://github.com/monkeytypegame/monkeytype](https://github.com/monkeytypegame/monkeytype) and [https://github.com/SneakySensei/react-lean-modal](https://github.com/SneakySensei/react-lean-modal).

---

<p align="center">If you found this helpful, ⭐ this repo! It helps this project become more visible to others!</p>

Commit message:

docs: regulation information added (#175)
- closes #173

README.md, after:

# B.Tech ECE Notes

Welcome to the ECE Notes project! The notes here, on our Website, and on Google Drive are for courses under the "18" regulation. Our college now uses the "22" regulation, so new students might find these materials less relevant.

This project aimed to assist students, and I hope it helped those under the "18" regulation as much as it did for me. Feel free to connect with me at https://x.com/_kunalkeshan_.

Identify Your Course Regulation:

- "18XXXXXXT" = 18 regulation
- "22XXXXXXT" = 22 regulation
Thank you for visiting, and good luck with your studies!

— Kunal Keshan

<p align="center">
  <img src="/assets/thumbnail.png" alt="SRMIST B. Tech ECE Notes" width="60%" height="auto" />
</p>

Collection of all B.Tech ECE Notes for the academic year 2022-24. Read below for further insight on subjects for Each Semester.

![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/kunalkeshan/SRMIST-B.Tech-ECE-Notes-2022-24?style=social)
![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/kunalkeshan/SRMIST-B.Tech-ECE-Notes-2022-24?style=social)
![GitHub watchers](https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/kunalkeshan/SRMIST-B.Tech-ECE-Notes-2022-24?style=social)

---

<p align="center"><a href="https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/191lQV0by-ZBqPv0gQHhT8F9vKCgQuq2X?usp=sharing"><img src="/assets/drive-card.jpg" alt="Download notes from Drive" width="300px" height="80px" /></a></p>
<p align="center">Large Documents are present in the above drive as GitHub only offers 25mb max per document.</p>

---

<p align="center"><a href="https://notes.kunalkeshan.dev?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=social"><img src="/assets/website-card.jpg" alt="Download notes from Drive" width="300px" height="80px" /></a></p>
<p align="center">Contains direct access links for each sememester and subject.</p>

---

**Table of Contents**:

> Refer [Curriculum](./curriculum-syllabus-ece-reg-2018.pdf) for detailed information.

- [Motivation](#-motivation)
- [Directory Downloads](#-directory-downloads)
- [Semester 1](#-semester-1)
- [Semester 2](#-semester-2)
- [Semester 3](#-semester-3)
- [Semester 4](#-semester-4)
- [Semester 5](#-semester-5)
- [Semester 6](#-semester-6)
- [Semester 7](#-semester-7)
- [Semester 8](#-semester-8)
- [Contribute](#-contribute)
  - [Project Contributors](#-project-contributors)
- [Feedback](#-feedback)
- [License](#-license)
  - [Forking this Repo?](#-forking-this-repo)
- [Project Partners](#-project-partners)
- [Mentions](#-mentions)

> **Warning**
> Semester 1 - 3 notes are based on **online classes**. Study material might be relevant but not the test notes. Take it with a grain of salt.

## 💫 Motivation

Before I switched to on-campus courses, I took all of my classes online and hardly interacted with any upperclassmen. Without assistance, it was difficult for me to locate relevant readings and organise my time effectively in order to succeed on my tests. Even if we moved our lessons to a more traditional format, we still wouldn't be able to get any understanding of how to make use of the materials we were given.

You'll hardly have any contact with your seniors until you're part of some club, working together on some project or a research paper. I've made this repo to support any person who requires the relavent study material present here.

> <q> This repo is my step towards being the senior I needed the most as a Junior. </q>

## ⬇️ Directory Downloads

This repo is quite heavy in itself and cloning it or downloading it as a whole would take a lot of time and use of precious data. You can use [DownGit](https://downgit.github.io/) to help download specific folders from this repository. 

Use the links below to download specific semester folders or visit [DownGit](https://downgit.github.io/) with the directory link of the repo to download.

**Download Links**:

- Semester 1: [Click to Download](https://downgit.github.io/#/home?url=https://github.com/kunalkeshan/SRMIST-B.Tech-ECE-Notes-2022-24/tree/main/Semester%201).
- Semester 2: [Click to Download](https://downgit.github.io/#/home?url=https://github.com/kunalkeshan/SRMIST-B.Tech-ECE-Notes-2022-24/tree/main/Semester%202).
- Semester 3: [Click to Download](https://downgit.github.io/#/home?url=https://github.com/kunalkeshan/SRMIST-B.Tech-ECE-Notes-2022-24/tree/main/Semester%203).
- Semester 4: [Click to Download](https://downgit.github.io/#/home?url=https://github.com/kunalkeshan/SRMIST-B.Tech-ECE-Notes-2022-24/tree/main/Semester%204).
- Semester 5: [Click to Download](https://downgit.github.io/#/home?url=https://github.com/kunalkeshan/SRMIST-B.Tech-ECE-Notes-2022-24/tree/main/Semester%205).
- Semester 6: [Click to Download](https://downgit.github.io/#/home?url=https://github.com/kunalkeshan/SRMIST-B.Tech-ECE-Notes-2022-24/tree/main/Semester%206).
- Semester 7: [Click to Download](https://downgit.github.io/#/home?url=https://github.com/kunalkeshan/SRMIST-B.Tech-ECE-Notes-2022-24/tree/main/Semester%207).
- Semester 8: Coming Soon!

## 1️⃣ Semester 1

| Credits: 20 |
| ------- |

-   [Programming for Problem Solving](./Semester%201/Programming%20for%20Problem%20Solving%20(C))
-   [Chemistry](./Semester%201/Chemistry)
-   [Civil and Mechanical Workshop](./Semester%201/Civil%20and%20Mechanical%20Workshop)
-   Foreign Language
    - [Japanese](./Semester%201/Japanese)
-   [Calculus and Linear Algebra](./Semester%201/Calculus%20and%20Linear%20Algebra)
-   [Professional Skills and Studies](./Semester%201/Professional%20Skills%20and%20Studies/Assignments)
-   [Value Education](./Semester%201/Value%20Education)
-   National Service Schema (NSS)

## 2️⃣ Semester 2

| Credits: 21 |
| ------- |

-   [Advanced Calculus and Complex Analysis](./Semester%202/Advanced%20Calculus%20and%20Complex%20Analysis)
-   [Basic Electrical and Electronics Engineering](./Semester%202/Basic%20Electrical%20and%20Electronics%20Engineering)
-   [Engineering Graphics](./Semester%202/Engineering%20Graphics)
-   [Constitution of India](./Semester%202/Constitution%20of%20India)
-   [English](./Semester%202/English)
-   [General Aptitude](./Semester%202/General%20Aptitude)
-   [Physics](./Semester%202/Physics%20-%20Electromagnetic%20Theory%2C%20Quantum%20Mechanics%2C%20Waves%20and%20Optics)
-   Yoga

## 3️⃣ Semester 3

| Credits: 24 |
| ------- |

-   [Digital Electronic Principles](./Semester%203/Digital%20Electronic%20Principles)
-   [Competencies in Social Skills](./Semester%203/Competencies%20in%20Social%20Skills/Notes)
-   [Control Systems](./Semester%203/Control%20Systems)
-   [Electromagnetic and Transmission Lines](./Semester%203/Electromagnetics%20and%20Transmission%20Lines)
-   [Electronic Devices](./Semester%203/Electronic%20Devices)
-   [Environmental Science](./Semester%203/Environmental%20Science)
-   [Signals and Systems](./Semester%203/Signals%20and%20Systems)
-   [Social Engineering](./Semester%203/Social%20Engineering)
-   [Transforms and Boundary Value Problems](.Semester%203/Transforms%20and%20Boundary%20Value%20Problems)

## 4️⃣ Semester 4

| Credits: 22 |
| ------- |

- [Probability and Stochastic Process](./Semester%204/Probability%20and%20Stochastic%20Processes)
- [Analog Electronic Circuits](./Semester%204/Analog%20Electronic%20Circuits)
- [Linear Integrated Circuits](./Semester%204/Linear%20Integrated%20Circuits)
- [Critical and Creative Thinking](./Semester%204/Critical%20and%20Creative%20Thinking%20Skills/Notes)
- [Management Principles](./Semester%204/Management%20Principles%20for%20Engineers)
- [Biology for Engineers](./Semester%204/Biology)
- [Smart Sensor System](./Semester%204/Smart%20Sensor%20System)
- Professional Electives
  - [Optoelectronics](./Semester%204/Optoelectronics)
  - [Advanced Digital System Design](./Semester%204/Advanced%20Digital%20System%20Design)
- Open Electives
  - [Applications of Nanotechnology](./Semester%204/Applications%20of%20Nanotechnology)

## 5️⃣ Semester 5

| Credits: 23 |
| ------- |

- [Discrete Mathematics for Engineers](./Semester%205/Discrete%20Mathematics%20for%20Engineers)
- [Analog and Digital Communication](./Semester%205/Analog%20and%20Digital%20Communication)
- [Digital Signal Processing](./Semester%205/Digital%20Signal%20Processing)
- [Microprocessor, Microcontroller, and Interfacing Techniques](./Semester%205/Microprocessor%2C%20Microcontrollers%20and%20Interfacing%20Techniques)
- [Indian Art Form](./Semester%205/Indian%20Art%20Form/Assignments)
- [Analytical and Logical Thinking Skills](./Semester%205/Analytical%20and%20Logical%20Thinking%20Skills)
- [MOOCs / Industrial Training / Seminar - I](./Semester%205/MOOCs)
- Professional Electives
  - [Python and Scientific Python](./Semester%205/Python%20and%20Scientific%20Python)
- Open Electives
  - [Sustainable Development](./Semester%205/Sustainable%20Development)
  - [IoS Development](#)
  - [Municipal Solid Waste Management](./Semester%205/Municipal%20Solid%20Waste%20Management)

## 6️⃣ Semester 6

| Credits: 24 |
| ------- |

- [VLSI Design](./Semester%206/VLSI%20Design)
- [Comprehension](./Semester%206/Comprehension)
- [Microwave and Optical Communication](./Semester%206/Microwave%20and%20Optical%20Communication)
- [Computer Communication Network](./Semester%206/Computer%20communication%20network)
- [Indian Traditional Knowledge](.//Semester%206/Indian%20Traditional%20Knowledge)
- [Employability Skills and Practice](./Semester%206/Employability%20Skills%20and%20Practices/)
- [Competitive Professional Skills](./Semester%206/Competitive%20Professional%20Skills)
- [MOOCs / Industrial Training / Seminar - II](./Semester%206/MOOCs)
- Professional Electives
  - [Satellite Communication and Broadcasting](./Semester%206/Satellite%20Communication%20and%20Broadcasting)
  - [Radar and Navigational Aids](./Semester%206/Radar%20and%20Navigational%20Aids)
- Open Electives
  - [Municipal Solid Waste Management](./Semester%206/Municipal%20Solid%20Waste%20Management)

## 7️⃣ Semester 7

| Credits: 16 |
| ------- |

- [Wireless Communication](./Semester%207/Wireless%20Communication)
- [Internship](./Semester%207/Internship)
- Professional Electives
  - [Machine Perception with Cognition](./Semester%207/Machine%20Perception%20with%20Cognition)
  - [Optical Components, Systems, and Networks](./Semester%207/Optical%20Components,%20Systems,%20and%20Networks)
- Open Electives
  - [Mobile Application Development](./Semester%207/Mobile%20Application%20Development)

## 8️⃣ Semester 8

| Credits: 10 |
| ------- |

## 📥 Contribute

Anybody is free to contribute to this repo. If you think that some material is relevant and can improve the quality of this repo, follow the contributing guidelines mentioned at [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

If you're not sure how to contribute via GitHub, fill out this form with your remarks and I'll assist you with adding them to this project.

📃 Link to Form: [https://forms.gle/6cREyxxw6mQqh5jp7](https://forms.gle/6cREyxxw6mQqh5jp7)

### 🦸 Project Contributors:

<a href="https://github.com/kunalkeshan/SRMIST-B.Tech-ECE-Notes-2022-24/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=kunalkeshan/SRMIST-B.Tech-ECE-Notes-2022-24" />
</a>

## 💬 Feedback

This is a constantly evolving project that relies on the constant feedback of its users so that we can achieve what the users desire and maintain the project's quality. Please feel free to share your thoughts on this project by filling the <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfNQDOQkEKPubOBRIhselYTjCv82qv7qTyPh6exFvkT3sumhw/viewform?entry.34189569=Notes+Initiative">Form.</a>

## 📃 License

This Project is Licensed under the [MIT License](./LICENSE).

### 🗡️ Forking this Repo?

Many people have contacted us asking if they can use this code for their own websites. The answer to that question is usually "yes", with attribution. There are some cases, such as using this code for a business or something that is greater than a personal project, that we may be less comfortable saying yes to. If in doubt, please don't hesitate to ask us.

We value keeping this project open source, but as you all know, plagiarism is bad. We actively spend a non-negligible amount of effort developing, designing, and trying to perfect this iteration of our project, and we are proud of it! All we ask is to not claim this effort as your own.

So, feel free to fork this repo. If you do, please just give us proper credit by linking back to this repo, [https://github.com/kunalkeshan/SRMIST-B.Tech-ECE-Notes-2022-24](https://github.com/kunalkeshan/SRMIST-B.Tech-ECE-Notes-2022-24). Refer to this handy [quora](https://www.quora.com/Is-it-bad-to-copy-other-peoples-code) post if you're not sure what to do. Thanks!

## ⚔️ Project Partners

<table>
    <tr>
        <th><a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/codelance-devs/" >Codelance Devs</a></th>
        <th><a href="https://www.think-digital.in/?utm_medium=social&utm_source=github.com&utm_campaign=notes.kunalkeshan.dev">Think-Digital</a></th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><img src="../client/src/assets/codelance-devs-logo.png" alt="" width="200px" height="auto" /></td>
        <td><img src="../client/src/assets/think-digital-logo.png" alt="" width="200px" height="auto" /></td>
    </tr>
</table>

---

## 🫂 Mentions

Part of this README and CONTRIBUTING was inspired from [https://github.com/monkeytypegame/monkeytype](https://github.com/monkeytypegame/monkeytype) and [https://github.com/SneakySensei/react-lean-modal](https://github.com/SneakySensei/react-lean-modal).

---

<p align="center">If you found this helpful, ⭐ this repo! It helps this project become more visible to others!</p>
